docs(book-cc): document the process for adding new workspace crates (#273)
future-proof-iot/RIOT-rs: book/src/coding-conventions.md

## Dependencies

If the same dependency is used in multiples crates within the workspace, that dependency SHOULD be specified in the *workspace*'s `Cargo.toml` file and workspace crates should import them from there.

## Adding a new workspace crate, exposed by `riot-rs`

To add a new workspace crate re-exported by `riot-rs`, follow these steps:

1. Create the new crate's directory in `src/`.
1. Run `cargo init --lib` in that directory.

> 1. Add relevant lints (e.g., `#![deny(missing_docs)]` and `#![deny(clippy::pedantic)]`) to the crate; some lints are already inherited from the workspace and do not need to be added to the new crate.

Reviewer: I think this needs to be more specific. Better state e.g., "Add `#![deny(missing_docs)]` and `#![deny(clippy::pedantic)]` to the crate"

> 1. Cargo has added the crate to the workspace members in the workspace's `Cargo.toml`, move the added string to its own line, preserving lexicographic order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the workspace's `Cargo.toml` `workspace.members`, ensure the crate's entry keeps the lexicographic order.
```

> 1. Add the crate to the list of crates checked by Clippy in `.github/workflows/main.yml`, preserving lexicographic order.

Reviewer: This and the next I found not obvious and thus skipped it. Can we have ANCHORS in those yamls? :)

1. Consider adding the crate to the list of crates run by cargo test in `.github/workflows/main.yml`, preserving lexicographic order.

> 1. Re-export the crate from the `riot-rs` crate, inline it in the docs as done for the other crates, and feature-gate it if necessary.

Reviewer: move to third place (after "add lints", before the CI fixes start)

## Dependencies

If the same dependency is used in multiples crates within the workspace, that dependency SHOULD be specified in the *workspace*'s `Cargo.toml` file and workspace crates should import them from there.

## Adding a new workspace crate, exposed by `riot-rs`

To add a new workspace crate re-exported by `riot-rs`, follow these steps:

1. Create the new crate's directory in `src/`.
1. Run `cargo init --lib` in that directory.

> 1. Move the `[lints]` section in its `Cargo.toml` above the `[dependencies]` section.

Reviewer: This and the next need to be more specific I think, I wouldn't know which to move/copy

> 1. Add a `#![deny(clippy::pedantic)]` lint to the new crate's root module, along with other relevant lints (e.g., `#![deny(missing_docs)]`); some lints are already inherited from the workspace and do not need to be added to the new crate.

Reviewer 2: Why require the `#![deny(clippy::pedantic)]`? We only have it in `riot-rs-benchmarks` and `riot-rs-macros` right now. 
Generally, I don't really think this whole line is necessary; it's nothing RIOT-rs specific.

Reviewer 2: > not having the `pedantic` lint is not the project's policy

Is there a related discussion somewhere, where I can read up upon the reasoning?

> 1. Create the new crate's directory in `src/`.
> 1. Run `cargo init --lib` in that directory.
> 1. In the new crate's `Cargo.toml`, move the automatically added  `[lints]` section above the `[dependencies]` section.
> 1. Add a `#![deny(clippy::pedantic)]` lint to the new crate's root module, along with other relevant lints (e.g., `#![deny(missing_docs)]`); some lints are already inherited from the workspace and do not need to be added to the new crate.
> 1. Cargo has added the crate to the workspace members in the workspace's `Cargo.toml`, move the added string to its own line.
> 1. Add the crate to the list of crates checked by clippy in `.github/workflows/main.yml`.
> 1. Consider adding the crate to the list of crates run by cargo test in `.github/workflows/main.yml`.
> 1. Re-export the crate from the `riot-rs` crate, inline it in the docs as done for the other crates, and feature-gate it if necessary.
> 1. If the new crate is feature-gated and if this possible, add the feature that enables it to the ones used by cargo doc in `.github/workflows/main.yml` and in `.github/workflows/build-deploy-docs.yml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create the new crate's directory in `src/`.
2. Run `cargo init --lib` in that directory.
3. In the new crate's `Cargo.toml`, move the automatically added  `[lints]` section above the `[dependencies]` section.
4. Add a `#![deny(clippy::pedantic)]` lint to the new crate's root module, along with other relevant lints (e.g., `#![deny(missing_docs)]`); some lints are already inherited from the workspace and do not need to be added to the new crate.
5. Cargo has added the crate to the workspace members in the workspace's `Cargo.toml`, move the added string to its own line.
6. Add the crate to the list of crates checked by clippy in `.github/workflows/main.yml`.
7. Consider adding the crate to the list of crates run by cargo test in `.github/workflows/main.yml`.
8. Re-export the crate from the `riot-rs` crate, inline it in the docs as done for the other crates, and feature-gate it if necessary.
9. If the new crate is feature-gated and if this possible, add the feature that enables it to the ones used by cargo doc in `.github/workflows/main.yml` and in `.github/workflows/build-deploy-docs.yml`.
```

> 1. If the new crate is feature-gated and if this possible, add the feature that enables it to the ones used by cargo doc in `.github/workflows/main.yml` and in `.github/workflows/build-deploy-docs.yml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If the new crate is feature-gated and if this is possible, add the feature that enables it to the ones used by cargo doc in `.github/workflows/main.yml` and in `.github/workflows/build-deploy-docs.yml`.
```

## Dependencies

If the same dependency is used in multiples crates within the workspace, that dependency SHOULD be specified in the *workspace*'s `Cargo.toml` file and workspace crates should import them from there.

## Adding a new workspace crate, exposed by `riot-rs`

To add a new workspace crate re-exported by `riot-rs`, follow these steps:

1. Create the new crate's directory in `src/`.
1. Run `cargo init --lib` in that directory.
1. Add relevant lints (e.g., `#![deny(missing_docs)]` and `#![deny(clippy::pedantic)]`) to the crate; some lints are already inherited from the workspace and do not need to be added to the new crate.
1. Cargo has added the crate to the workspace members in the workspace's `Cargo.toml`, move the added string to its own line, preserving lexicographic order.
1. Add the crate to the list of crates checked by Clippy in `.github/workflows/main.yml`, preserving lexicographic order.

> 1. If the crate has tests that can be run with `cargo test`:

Reviewer: hm, good question. I was more thinking of the future where the crates will have embedded-test based tests, and I think crates might have to choose.
So this was meant like "if it is this: ... [else, ...]" with the else branch missing. :)

> 1. If the crate has tests that can be run with `cargo test`:

Reviewer: So I was thinking about this.

"If the crate has tests that can be run with `cargo test`" => probably no new crate has any tests in the beginning. Maybe we should just add "next steps" and there point to documentation how to add them?

If the same dependency is used in multiples crates within the workspace, that dependency SHOULD be specified in the *workspace*'s `Cargo.toml` file and workspace crates should import them from there.

## Adding a new workspace crate, exposed by `ariel-os`

To add a new workspace crate re-exported by `ariel-os`, follow these steps:

1. Create the new crate's directory in `src/`.
1. Run `cargo init --lib` in that directory.
1. Add `#![deny(missing_docs)]` and `#![deny(clippy::pedantic)]` to the crate; some lints are already inherited from the workspace and do not need to be added to the new crate.

> 1. In the workspace's `Cargo.toml` `workspace.members` array, ensure the new entry preserves the lexicographic order of that array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the workspace's `Cargo.toml` `workspace.members` array, ensure the new entry preserves the lexicographic order of that array.
1. In the workspace's `Cargo.toml` `dependencies` array, add a (properly sorted) entry.
```

... I think we'll get rid of the path dependencies soon ...
